PHP Docs: convert from HTML to markdown (#74)
WordPress/wpcs-docs: inline-documentation-standards/php.md

 */
```

#### 1.1 Parameters That Are Arrays

Parameters that are an array of arguments should be documented in the "originating" function only, and cross-referenced via an `@see` tag in corresponding DocBlocks.

Array values should be documented using WordPress' flavor of hash notation style similar to how [Hooks](http://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/inline-documentation-standards/php-documentation-standards/#4-hooks-actions-and-filters) can be documented, each array value beginning with the `@type` tag, and taking the form of:

```php
*     @type type $key Description. Default 'value'. Accepts 'value', 'value'.
*                     (aligned with Description, if wraps to a new line)
```

> An example of an "originating" function and re-use of an argument array is [`wp_remote_request|post|get|head()`](https://core.trac.wordpress.org/browser/branches/4.0/src/wp-includes/http.php#L115).

Author: This is the link of which I'm not so sure it is pointing to the correct place.

Reviewer: Maybe `https://core.trac.wordpress.org/browser/trunk/src/wp-includes/http.php#L114` would be better? But still, if anything changes in this file that would cause the line change the docs should be updated.

Maybe we could just link to the `http.php` file and say, check the doc block for the `wp_remote_request` function?

Reviewer 2: Why not just link to a single function's page?

```suggestion
An example of an "originating" function and re-use of an argument array is [`wp_remote_request()`](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/wp_remote_request/).
```

Author: The way I read it - the other functions are re-using the information in the docblock for `wp_remote_request()` by pointing to that one using a `@see`. So just pointing to the one function would not illustrate that well enough.

Reviewer: @jrfnl we can just change it to point to the 6.0 branch, and check for it periodically every 5-6 'minor' versions to see if the line number changed.

Reviewer 3: I think as this is for PHP Docs, we want to highlight how the array parameters are displayed in the code reference, not so much the actual PHPDcs in the source code.

So, linking to https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/wp_remote_request/#return should do the trick, I think and no versioning of line numbers required, this anchor will always be the same

<img width="588" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1016458/169740733-6775a944-3717-443e-82da-9301fcb3e0a7.png">

Author: I've had another look at this, but I think linking to the develop docs is the wrong course of action. Please read the whole section to see what the link is trying to illustrate.

I believe this is the crucial sentence:

> Parameters that are an array of arguments should be documented in the "originating" function only, and cross-referenced via an `@see` tag in corresponding DocBlocks.

Pointing to the dev docs would do nothing to illustrate how someone updating the docblocks would need to apply this.

Reviewer: So you'd agree that linking to trunk, or even the latest release, would be a better thing to do?

Author: Linking to `trunk` would not be stable as line numbers change, linking to the `6.0` release would definitely be better, but what line number should it link to ?

Reviewer: So the original suggestion linked to the `wp_remote_request`, but there is no mention of what is the arguments array actually contains unless you go and dig deeper.

If we want to link to what the contents of the arguments array are, then the correct link would be:

https://core.trac.wordpress.org/browser/tags/6.0/src/wp-includes/class-wp-http.php#L105

Author: I've updated the link now to: https://core.trac.wordpress.org/browser/tags/6.0/src/wp-includes/http.php/#L114 (same file)
